you
my journey to Tamil Nadu brings me to
Madurai
it's one of the oldest cities in all of
South India and home to the word famous
Meenakshi temple one of the most
stunning examples of ancient South
Indian religious architecture it also
happens to be a major pilgrimage center
for people in the region and quite
frankly it's what has put this city on
the world map and this is clearly got to
be one of the most impressive temple
structures that have been - I mean just
look at these towers are now finally
these are called goop auras right I've
just learned there are 12 of these in
this temple structure the tallest one is
over 160 feet and each one of them
reportedly has close to 2,000 statues or
sculptures and each one of them is done
in my new detail you can have a look
closely as you've got gold leafing
you've got painting you've got
expressions I mean it's it's vivid it's
kind of psychedelic
so what is this
you didn't ah Hildy it's called a jigger
tundra there Jill okay I'm going to
start my day with a diligent what it
basically is is a scoop of ice cream
locally made hmm
in a really kind of interesting mixture
of pearl tapioca like rose and orange a
kind of a syrup and I think a little bit
of milk is quite refreshing and cooling
as well
there is gel not bad pretty nice
possibly the most remarkable part of
this entire temple complex is this place
it's called the poo de bunda park it was
built by through Milan Nayaka who was
the last king to complete this temple
you
it's about five centuries old this
particular structure and it is massive I
really can't believe that not only does
it exist but the fact that it's got this
vibrant locket we've got tailors you got
clock makers you got vegetable sellers
or you got birthing sellers you've got
all kinds of people if you are in
Madurai you can easily spend most of
your day here I would have loved to
spend more time here honestly
but it's lunchtime and I'm gonna go and
get myself something to eat so I am
actually starving and I'm here at the
modern Westhoff possibly the place to
get a local traditional South Indian
meal
vegetable dishes are generally placed
well rice on this side something like a
pop-art
and then in the center over here you've
got your rice and your sambar so let's
get cracking it looks fantastic and I
have to say this kind of a meal can
really only be eaten on a banana leaf it
just adds so much to the feeling and
texture and you know ahaha lovely so
what we have over here is a really
typical South Indian vegetable okay
this one's with green beans and peas
really simple coconut mustard seeds
cumin seeds curry leaves that's it and
salt no spices no turmeric nothing like
that really light and really quite tasty
one of my favorite part of this meal
awesome what it basically is without
spice water ok got tomatoes you got
spices
curry leaves you and it's tangy so many
different flavors and different textures
on the same plate really to me a
traditional South Indian me like this is
not only a you know a delicious meal but
it's also like really amazing how
efficient and how clean and how quickly
they serve you incredible home cook
style food NDTV's cricket app Android &
iPhone faster scorecard special analysis
and much more download free MPG b.com
slash apps